Add changelog for 23.5 (#50701)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: CHANGELOG.md

* Fix bug in DISTINCT [#49628](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/pull/49628) ([Alexey Milovidov](https://github.com/alexey-milovidov)).
* Fix: DISTINCT in order with zero values in non-sorted columns [#49636](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/pull/49636) ([Igor Nikonov](https://github.com/devcrafter)).
* Fix one-off error in big integers found by UBSan with fuzzer [#49645](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/pull/49645) ([Alexey Milovidov](https://github.com/alexey-milovidov)).
* Fix reading from sparse columns after restart [#49660](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/pull/49660) ([Anton Popov](https://github.com/CurtizJ)).
* Fix assert in SpanHolder::finish() with fibers [#49673](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/pull/49673) ([Kruglov Pavel](https://github.com/Avogar)).
* Fix short circuit functions and mutations with sparse arguments [#49716](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/pull/49716) ([Anton Popov](https://github.com/CurtizJ)).
* Fix writing appended files to incremental backups [#49725](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/pull/49725) ([Vitaly Baranov](https://github.com/vitlibar)).

> * Ignore LWD column in checkPartDynamicColumns [#49737](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/pull/49737) ([Alexander Gololobov](https://github.com/davenger)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix "There is no physical column _row_exists in table" error occurring during lightweight delete mutation on a table with Object column. [#49737](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/pull/49737) ([Alexander Gololobov](https://github.com/davenger)).
```
